[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The first
stop on Luffy's journey
is Fishman Island, thousands
of feet below sea level,
where his crew becomes
involved in a civil war.
Jimbei tells them the
tragic history of the island
and reveals his
connection to Arlong.
Despite his role
in Nami's suffering,
she forgives him wholeheartedly.
Soon after, the Straw Hats
receive a surprise transmission.
[HORDY] Hello there,
people of Fishman Island.
Am I coming through?
Well then, for those
of you who don't know,
I'm the captain of
the New Fishman Pirates.
My name is Hordy Jones!
[LUFFY]
"The Kingdom in Shock!
An Order to Execute
Neptune Issued!"
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Come on, next!
Next!
[FISHMAN A crying]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Next!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B]
You won't step on it?
[FISHMAN C groans]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B laughs]
[FISHMAN D] I'm sure Queen
Otohime would forgive us.
[FISHMAN B]
If I refuse, they'll kill me.
I can't believe
this is happening!
I'm sorry Queen Otohime!
I don't want to!
There ya go. Next!
[MERMAID A crying]
[cackles]
How boring. No one's
even trying to resist!
[DARUMA] People are stomping on
her without a second thought!
Hey, Daruma! You gotta
come see this, quick!
Captain Hordy's live on the air!
[DARUMA]
Huh?
[CROWD murmuring]
So he's the one behind all this.
The bastard.
Why does he want us to
step on the queen so bad?
Wait, that guy?
Wasn't he also the
soldier from the plaza?
He killed Otohime's
assassin that day!
That's right!
His name is Hordy Jones!
The same guy!
Why would one of Neptune's
soldiers do such a thing?
[HORDY]
There's something every citizen
of the Ryugu Kingdom
needs to know.
This will be destroyed
and quickly.
We'll rebuild it from scratch,
but with a new king...
...like me!
[grunts]
[FISHMAN AA]
What's he talkin' about?
[FISHMAN BB] Who does he
think he is? Screw you!
This is crazy!
Where is this broadcast
even comin' from?
King Neptune. Is he okay?
[FISHMAN CC] The Straw Hats
supposedly took over the palace.
Do you think they're his allies?
[FISHMAN DD]
Nothing makes sense anymore!
[HORDY] I will usher in
a new era for Fishman Island,
grounded in a strict
code of discipline.
For starters, we'll end all
friendly relations with humans.
So if you like 'em, get out!
Yes. Fishmen are far
superior to humans.
It's time that race of
weaklings learned its place.
They don't deserve our help!
In place of the sympathizers,
those loyal to our cause
will move in from
the Fishman District.
They hate humans, too,
and will do whatever it takes
to rid this country of them.
So treat them with respect!
[FISHMAN EE]
Is he serious? New residents?
[FISHMAN FF] He's just
gonna let all these criminals
roam free through our kingdom?
[FUKABOSHI, MANBOSHI,
RYUBOSHI growl]
Ya still love her, don't you?
Otohime, our most
cherished queen.
She was indeed selfless
and worked tirelessly
to build a bridge between
Fishmen and humans.
I do respect her spirit.
But have you forgotten
the end of her tale?
She was killed by a human!
Even if you approach
them with a pure heart
and kind intentions, they'll
just take advantage of you
and leave you in the dirt!
We have to wake up!
Can't you see?
[RYUBOSHI growls]
[MANBOSHI growls]
Hordy!
[HORDY]
Sorry, but the royal family's
been duping you for years.
If we follow them,
we'll face extinction.
As long as humans exist
this goal of harmony
is unattainable.
It's a pipe dream that's been
perpetuated for far too long.
Stop it.
See for yourself!
They have Father!
How could they?
Father!
[CROWD]
Not the King!
[HORDY]
King Neptune got old.
It happens to everyone.
The only way to advance
is to eliminate the old guard
so they won't hold
us back any more.
[NEPTUNE growls]
Huh. When you think about it,
this mess is kind of our fault.
If we hadn't shown up,
the King might be fine.
[JIMBEI]
Hmm?
[NAMI]
More like Zoro's fault.
And that's why you
shouldn't feel guilty.
Moss Head just can't keep his
swords to himself, that's all.
What in the world did
you do at the palace?
[CAMIE]
Jimbei, wait! Calm down!
A bunch of Neptune's soldiers
attacked Namichin
and her friends first!
They were just trying
to defend themselves!
[JIMBEI]
I'm still confused.
[HORDY]
Citizens of Fishman Island,
the old Ryugu Kingdom
has worn out its welcome.
Time to say goodbye!
In three hours,
at the Conchcorde Plaza,
the weak and incompetent
King Neptune...
...will be put to death!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[HORDY] The Great Pirate
Era began when the Navy
executed a human, Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates.
That era was notable
for countless acts
of persecution at
the hands of humans.
It's only natural then
that Neptune's execution
will bring about
a Great Fishman Era--
one in which we
reign over humans.
As you may have
figured out by now,
I am at the Ryugu Palace.
And there's something
else I want to show you.
This here is from the Nobles.
The queen risked
her life for this...
...ten years ago that is.
[ALL gasp]
[HORDY] If I destroy
this letter, it's over.
You won't get another one.
Along with that...
...here, we have a box...
...with signatures from
most of Fishman Island.
[HORDY] Frankly,
I'm disgusted by the numbers.
Who in their right mind would
want to befriend humans
after all they've done?
So if your name is on
any of these, thank you.
I know who I have to weed out!
My kingdom will
be better without you.
And with that in mind,
why don't we get started?
Here's page one!
Enough stepping on
pictures. That's through.
It's far too easy to pretend
you don't mind doing it
just to save yourselves.
But these signatures?
They give me concrete evidence
of who I can suspect
will oppose my rule!
It's like you signed
your own death warrant!
All right then.
Let's see who the traitors are.
First...
[TOGARE whimpers]
[HORDY]
...Togare of Coral Hill.
[TOGARE gasps]
No! Not me! Please, I--
[HORDY] Second,
Gotan of Waterwheel Town.
[GOTAN whimpering]
[HORDY]
Next is Luca from Mermaid Cove.
[LUCA gasps, yelps]
[HORDY]
Garcia from Fishverly Hills.
[GARCIA yells]
[HORDY] Meverly
from the Coral Apartments.
[MEVERLY yells]
[HORDY]
Five down, thousands to go!
[HORDY chuckles]
[NEPTUNE]
Stop this at once!
[HORDY grunts]
[NEPTUNE] I won't let you
terrorize my people
while I'm still around!
Well, that's just a little
preview of things to come.
Also... before I go...
[HORDY chuckles]
...Straw Hat,
I know you're there.
I have something that
may be of interest to you.
[HORDY] As you watch
from wherever you are,
I want you to know that
this is just the beginning
of my revenge for what
you did to Arlong. Enjoy.
Aw, man! He even captured Zoro?!
That's what we get
leaving them alone.
But still, all three?
Do it.
Right!
Oh, no, what's this?
We're going up?
This can't possibly be good.
[shrieking]
[BROOK]
Hello? Yes? Now what?
[chuckles]
Something's coming.
Ah, no.
[BROOK, USOPP]
It's water!
[BROOK, USOPP screaming]
[HORDY] By the time we
finish the King's execution,
that room will be
completely flooded.
You lowly humans can't survive
that, if I'm not mistaken.
Too bad.
Straw Hat Luffy!
Look at that bounty!
Four hundred million!
The heads of you and your
crewmates will serve as
a perfect warning to any
humans who dare defy us!
But for now, we're tearing
down the old Ryugu Kingdom!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
We're done with the
failures of the past.
This is the time for revolution!
Just three hours,
that's all that we need.
Fishman Island will take back
its pride in three hours!
[cackles]
We can't stay.
We shall... stop them!
Now then,
issue an order to Daruma
and the others to assemble.
We need to act quickly.
Sure thing, Captain.
[HORDY] Your execution's
going to be big.
The more citizens
that fear me, the better.
I don't have time
to convince everyone
that my way is the right one.
[NEPTUNE] You're only
thinking of yourself!
Even if you were right,
a nation can't prosper in fear!
The truth is,
all rulers are selfish.
I'm surprised.
You should know that better
than anyone, "Your Majesty."
Ever since I was a soldier,
I've been dragged along by
Queen Otohime's foolish dream.
We all have.
Thankfully, you'll be gone soon,
and then they'll see the truth.
They'll have to because
my law will reign supreme!
Hey, guys! This water
isn't getting any lower!
Oh, no. I just got dry, too.
Now let's all figure
out a way to save me.
Or better yet, save us!
Do ya have any ideas? Anything?
I'm thinking. First...
...get me out of these chains.
You got it!
Psychic powers,
don't fail me now!
Chains, come off!
Your links are getting looser,
the metal's getting weaker.
Chains, begone!
[sighs] Nothing.
Well, we're stuck.
Nice knowing you guys.
[BROOK]
I still can't stop laughing.
D-Did you see the look on those
Fishmen's faces when I stood up?
Priceless!
[USOPP groaning]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE F]
He's not movin'. Is he dead?
[USOPP] Just keep still
and they won't know.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G]
What about this old skeleton
hanging off the ledge?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H]
How did something like that
even get here?
Who knows? Sure is weird.
Maybe it got swept
up in the current
when Captain Hordy
busted through the wall.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G]
Let's pull it up on the bridge.
[ZORO]
Perfect!
[USOPP]
Brook can free us later
if he keeps
pretending to be dead!
Who knew being a skeleton
would come in so handy?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H] Poor guy
was probably adrift at sea.
I can't help but
feel sorry for him.
It looks like he
died a long time ago.
--Right you are!
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES
gasp, scream]
I did die!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
He's alive!
Somewhat! Well, I make do
at least. The name's Brook.
[laughs]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[BROOK yelling, laughing]
[ZORO]
Nice one, Brook!
[BROOK shrieks]
[USOPP groaning]
[BROOK] You wanna touch
my afro? It's fluffy!
Why don't you rub it
and make a wish?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Enough!
[BROOK groans]
[ZORO]
So much for that.
[BROOK laughing]
If I laugh any harder, I'll die!
[USOPP, ZORO]
We're all gonna die!
We wouldn't have gotten
caught if it weren't for you!
Please help! They're killing me!
Wait. Never mind.
You're killing me, too.
[laughs]
Well, at least Nami
and the others escaped.
Soon, Luffy and
the rest of the crew
will come get us outta here.
Wishful thinking!
What if they don't?
As Robin would say,
"Oh. I hope Nami
hasn't been eaten
by some deep-sea creature."
[BROOK laughs]
Just like her!
This Poneglyph is
different from the others.
Now, let's see.
It looks like a letter...
as well as an apology.
But who is this apology for?
And why did you
engrave it stone?
"Joy Boy."
Hey.
That's a lot of money!
Four hundred million?
When did it go up, huh?
No one cares about your bounty!
Obviously, they're using
the others as bait.
Think about it, Luffy.
You're infamous now.
The conflict at Marineford
made sure of that.
Once you surpass 300 million,
it rarely increases again.
Well, anyway, if someone wants
to fight me, I'll fight 'em!
[JIMBEI]
I beg you. Don't act rashly!
They have Father.
My father needs me.
I have to help!
I'm coming, Daddy!
Megalo!
Shaa!
I can't just stay here!
Come back! Shirahoshi!
[MEGALO]
Shaa!
Megalo! Don't move!
You could die!
If I don't save Father...
...then he...
I do understand the urgency,
but please, you must listen.
Nyu. He's right.
You can't go back right now.
You, too?
[HACHI]
The one person that Hordy
is most afraid of
in the Ryugu Kingdom...
...is you, Princess. Your power!
[HACHI] Even if Hordy
does change the island
to suit his needs,
you'll still be a threat.
If you summon the Sea Kings,
everything will come
crashing down in an instant.
That's why he took
King Neptune hostage--
to neutralize the princess
and to lure her back!
You're saying this whole time
they've really been
after Shirahoshi.
[HACHI] Nyu. Yes, but not
in the way you might think.
Hordy doesn't want to capture
the princess to use her power.
This may sound cruel,
but he'd prefer a threat
like her not exist at all.
That's why he partnered
with Vander Decken.
Decken is capable
of killing her.
Plain and simple:
he'll destroy anything
that stands in his way.
That's right.
Hordy wants the princess
to rush into the plaza.
There, she would
be most vulnerable.
[SHIRAHOSHI] Um, my family
has mentioned my power before,
but I'm afraid that's all.
Even if you were to ask me to
communicate with the Sea Kings,
I don't think I
could do it. Not now.
To be honest,
I'm not convinced that I have
the power in the first place.
[JIMBEI]
Whether you do or not,
Hordy has no qualms with
killing you just to be safe.
Therefore, we must
not let him find out
that you aren't able
to control the power.
The more afraid of you he is,
the better things are for us.
All right. Are you done?
Good. Then I'm going.
Hey, shark! Take me
back to the palace!
Shaa!
I'm leaving the crybaby
with you. That cool?
[SANJI]
Woo!
Hell, yeah.
[JIMBEI]
Luffy! I told you to wait!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[JIMBEI]
You don't get it.
You people have no
business fighting Hordy!
What's the big deal, huh?
[BOTH] We can't fight 'cause
we're humans! Is that it?
It doesn't make sense
when you two say it!
Quit complicating things!
[JIMBEI] That's right!
This battle isn't for you!
If you win,
the surviving Fishmen
will go on hating humans again!
[JIMBEI]
Please. Allow me to handle it.
I can't! Not when
my crew is in trouble!
It's not that I don't trust you,
but this fight is
personal for me, too.
You guys.
They're both right.
[JIMBEI grumbles]
Stay out of this. Wait here.
Not a chance.
Such a stubborn fool!
Just shut up already!
I said I'm going.
Stop me if you can!
Luffy.
[JIMBEI]
Since we were allies before,
I had hoped that you
would honor my request.
How easily I forget who you are.
Hard-headedness truly
does run in your family.
If you're not going to listen
to me... I have no choice!
[gasps]
Stand down, Luffy...
...or else.
[NARRATOR] Fearing that
the Straw Hat's interference
may do more harm than good,
a battle of wills breaks out
between Luffy and Jimbei.
While the two friends
go head-to-head,
Hordy's underlings
wreak havoc in the city.
Still captured at Ryugu Palace,
the rest of the Straw Hats
launch a very
peculiar escape plan.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Rift Opens Up!
Luffy vs. Jimbei!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!